rocAL rocJpeg Integration (#284)
ROCm/rocAL: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
* Extended support to rocAL's video decoder to use rocDecode hardware decoder
* Setup - installs rocdecode dev packages for Ubuntu, RedHat, and SLES

> * Extended support to rocAL's image decoder to use rocJpeg hardware decoder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* rocAL's image decoder has been extended to support the rocJPEG hardware decoder
```
